README.md, before:

# endoflife.date

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/92f7a2a9-3cca-4916-a75e-f9db4ec39d48/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/endoflife-date/deploys)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#opening-a-pull-request)
[![powered by Jekyll](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-Jekyll-blue.svg)](https://jekyllrb.com/)
[![Website shields.io](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/endoflife.date.svg)](https://endoflife.date/)
[![made-with-Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Markdown-1f425f.svg)](https://commonmark.org/)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.0-4baaaa.svg)](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/endoflife-date/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/endoflife-date/community)
[![Twitter Follow Badge](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url.svg?label=@endoflife_date&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fendoflife_date)](https://twitter.com/endoflife_date)

Keep track of various End of Life dates and support lifecycles for various products.
Visit <https://endoflife.date> for a list of supported products.
This information is very often [hard to track or badly presented](https://twitter.com/captn3m0/status/1110504412064239617).
This project collates this data and presents it in an easily accessible format, with URLs that are
easy to guess and remember.

If you maintain release information (end-of-life dates, or support information) for a product,
we have a [set of recommendations](https://endoflife.date/recommendations) along with a checklist on
some best practices for publishing this information.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.
While participating in the project, you must abide by its [Code of Conduct](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).

## API

An API is available for integration with CI platforms.
API documentation is available at https://endoflife.date/docs/api.
The API is currently in Alpha, and breaking changes can happen.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Credits

endoflife.date is relying on various amazing software and components :

- [GitHub](https://github.com/), an Internet hosting service for software development and version
  control,
- [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), a static site generator.
- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/), a dynamic and open source programming language with a focus on
  simplicity and productivity.
- [Just the Docs](https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs), a documentation theme for Jekyll.
- [Stoplight Elements](https://stoplight.io/open-source/elements), a collection of UI components for
  displaying beautiful developer documentation from any OpenAPI document.
- [Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org/), free SVG icons for popular brands.
- Our icon is derived from [Hourglass icon (orange)](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hourglass_icon_%28orange%29.svg)
  by David Abián and Serhio Magpie on the English Wikipedia. Remixed under the CC-BY-SA-4.0 license.
- [RealFaviconGenerator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/), a favicon Generator, for real.
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), an all-in-one platform for automating modern web projects.
- Product descriptions are adapted from the [English Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/),
  under [CC BY-SA 3.0](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Text_of_Creative_Commons_Attribution-ShareAlike_3.0_Unported_License)
  license.

Commit message:

Add API v1 (#2595, #2425, #2331, #2066, #2062, #1762, #759, #394, #2530)
This is a major rework of the API with a lot of breaking changes. See CHANGELOG_API.md for more information.

Note that we thought of disabling API generation in development (using JEKYLL_ENV like the Jekyll Feed plugin - see https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-feed/blob/master/lib/jekyll-feed/generator.rb#L145), but it was finally reverted. It does not work well with Netlify preview, and generate production URL (i.e. https://endoflife.date URLs) in development which makes it difficult to use.

README.md, after:

# endoflife.date

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/92f7a2a9-3cca-4916-a75e-f9db4ec39d48/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/endoflife-date/deploys)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#opening-a-pull-request)
[![powered by Jekyll](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-Jekyll-blue.svg)](https://jekyllrb.com/)
[![Website shields.io](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/endoflife.date.svg)](https://endoflife.date/)
[![made-with-Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Markdown-1f425f.svg)](https://commonmark.org/)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.0-4baaaa.svg)](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/endoflife-date/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/endoflife-date/community)
[![Twitter Follow Badge](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url.svg?label=@endoflife_date&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fendoflife_date)](https://twitter.com/endoflife_date)

Keep track of various End of Life dates and support lifecycles for various products.
Visit <https://endoflife.date> for a list of supported products.
This information is very often [hard to track or badly presented](https://twitter.com/captn3m0/status/1110504412064239617).
This project collates this data and presents it in an easily accessible format, with URLs that are
easy to guess and remember.

If you maintain release information (end-of-life dates, or support information) for a product,
we have a [set of recommendations](https://endoflife.date/recommendations) along with a checklist on
some best practices for publishing this information.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.
While participating in the project, you must abide by its [Code of Conduct](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).

## API

An API is available for integration with CI platforms. API documentation is available at https://endoflife.date/docs/api/v1/.
The API is currently in Beta, and breaking changes can happen.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Credits

endoflife.date is relying on various amazing software and components :

- [GitHub](https://github.com/), an Internet hosting service for software development and version
  control,
- [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), a static site generator.
- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/), a dynamic and open source programming language with a focus on
  simplicity and productivity.
- [Just the Docs](https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs), a documentation theme for Jekyll.
- [Stoplight Elements](https://stoplight.io/open-source/elements), a collection of UI components for
  displaying beautiful developer documentation from any OpenAPI document.
- [Swagger UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/), a documentation generator for OpenAPI
  Specification.
- [Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org/), free SVG icons for popular brands.
- Our icon is derived from [Hourglass icon (orange)](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hourglass_icon_%28orange%29.svg)
  by David Abián and Serhio Magpie on the English Wikipedia. Remixed under the CC-BY-SA-4.0 license.
- [RealFaviconGenerator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/), a favicon Generator, for real.
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), an all-in-one platform for automating modern web projects.
- Product descriptions are adapted from the [English Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/),
  under [CC BY-SA 3.0](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Text_of_Creative_Commons_Attribution-ShareAlike_3.0_Unported_License)
  license.
